Data types:-
            Data type is suggest that which type of data is stored in computer or in variables.
            Data is present in computer or variables in different types like in string,boolean,
            number,null etc.There are two types of data types i.e primitive and non-premitive.
There are seven types of primitive data types in js i.e

i:-Primitive data types:-
            Primitive data type is a immutable (unchangable) there are seven data type which are
            given below with detail.

1.Null:-
      Null is the data type of js which is used to show that the variable is null that means it 
      have no value.Oftenly null is called Stand alone becuase its show that the value is empty
      this is your own that you are intentionally showing the null value,value is really empty.
      when we check the type of the null variable it gives that te type of null is object which
      is the ambiguity of the js.

2.Number:-
      Number is a data type of js which is simply a number pass in the variable.             

3.String:-
      String is a data type of js which is mostly used in js to store the text,numbers,spaces
      in the variables by using quotes we can use single ('') and double (" ") both quotes.

4.Symbol:-
       Symbol is add in the js recently which is used to give a unique things which is mostly used
       in nodejs.

5.Boolean:-
        Boolean is the data type of js which are present in two types true/false means 0 and 1.

6.BigInt:-  
        BigInt is used to store the value which is very have very large length this is used in
        trading apps and other apps having big ammount of data.

7.Undefined:-
        Variable is declared but not give it value so it gives undefined.so similarly ndefined is 
        like only variable is declared not give it values

ii:-Non-primitive data type:-
        Non-primitive daa type is mutable(changable) data type which are objects,array,functions.

Bonus Tips:-
1."type of" is used in js to check the type of the data stored in the variable.
2.To memorized the data types of js used the words (nn,ss,bb,u)
N for Null
N for Number
S for String
S for Symbol
B for BigInt
B for Boolean
U for Undefined